README.md, before:

# GitHub CLI

`gh` is GitHub on the command line. It brings pull requests, issues, and other GitHub concepts to the terminal next to where you are already working with `git` and your code.

![screenshot of gh pr status](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98482/84171218-327e7a80-aa40-11ea-8cd1-5177fc2d0e72.png)

GitHub CLI is available for repositories hosted on GitHub.com and GitHub Enterprise Server 2.20+, and to install on macOS, Windows, and Linux.

## Documentation

[See the manual][manual] for setup and usage instructions.

## Contributing

If anything feels off, or if you feel that some functionality is missing, please check out the [contributing page][contributing]. There you will find instructions for sharing your feedback, building the tool locally, and submitting pull requests to the project.


<!-- this anchor is linked to from elsewhere, so avoid renaming it -->
## Installation

### macOS

`gh` is available via [Homebrew][], [MacPorts][], and as a downloadable binary from the [releases page][].

#### Homebrew

| Install:          | Upgrade:          |
| ----------------- | ----------------- |
| `brew install gh` | `brew upgrade gh` |

#### MacPorts

| Install:               | Upgrade:                                       |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `sudo port install gh` | `sudo port selfupdate && sudo port upgrade gh` |

### Linux

`gh` is available via [Homebrew](#homebrew), and as downloadable binaries from the [releases page][].

For more information and distro-specific instructions, see the [Linux installation docs](./docs/install_linux.md).

### Windows

`gh` is available via [scoop][], [Chocolatey][], and as downloadable MSI.

#### scoop

Install:

```powershell
scoop bucket add github-gh https://github.com/cli/scoop-gh.git
scoop install gh
```

Upgrade:

```powershell
scoop update gh
```

#### Chocolatey

| Install:           | Upgrade:           |
| ------------------ | ------------------ |
| `choco install gh` | `choco upgrade gh` |

#### Signed MSI

MSI installers are available for download on the [releases page][].

### Other platforms

Download packaged binaries from the [releases page][].

### Build from source

See here on how to [build GitHub CLI from source][build from source].

## Comparison with hub

For many years, [hub][] was the unofficial GitHub CLI tool. `gh` is a new project that helps us explore
what an official GitHub CLI tool can look like with a fundamentally different design. While both
tools bring GitHub to the terminal, `hub` behaves as a proxy to `git`, and `gh` is a standalone
tool. Check out our [more detailed explanation][gh-vs-hub] to learn more.


[manual]: https://cli.github.com/manual/
[Homebrew]: https://brew.sh
[MacPorts]: https://www.macports.org
[scoop]: https://scoop.sh
[Chocolatey]: https://chocolatey.org
[releases page]: https://github.com/cli/cli/releases/latest
[hub]: https://github.com/github/hub
[contributing]: ./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[gh-vs-hub]: ./docs/gh-vs-hub.md
[build from source]: ./docs/source.md

Commit message:

Mention winget as an install option in README (#2272)
Co-authored-by: Mislav Marohnić <mislav@github.com>

README.md, after:

# GitHub CLI

`gh` is GitHub on the command line. It brings pull requests, issues, and other GitHub concepts to the terminal next to where you are already working with `git` and your code.

![screenshot of gh pr status](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98482/84171218-327e7a80-aa40-11ea-8cd1-5177fc2d0e72.png)

GitHub CLI is available for repositories hosted on GitHub.com and GitHub Enterprise Server 2.20+, and to install on macOS, Windows, and Linux.

## Documentation

[See the manual][manual] for setup and usage instructions.

## Contributing

If anything feels off, or if you feel that some functionality is missing, please check out the [contributing page][contributing]. There you will find instructions for sharing your feedback, building the tool locally, and submitting pull requests to the project.


<!-- this anchor is linked to from elsewhere, so avoid renaming it -->
## Installation

### macOS

`gh` is available via [Homebrew][], [MacPorts][], and as a downloadable binary from the [releases page][].

#### Homebrew

| Install:          | Upgrade:          |
| ----------------- | ----------------- |
| `brew install gh` | `brew upgrade gh` |

#### MacPorts

| Install:               | Upgrade:                                       |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `sudo port install gh` | `sudo port selfupdate && sudo port upgrade gh` |

### Linux

`gh` is available via [Homebrew](#homebrew), and as downloadable binaries from the [releases page][].

For more information and distro-specific instructions, see the [Linux installation docs](./docs/install_linux.md).

### Windows

`gh` is available via [WinGet][], [scoop][], [Chocolatey][], and as downloadable MSI.


#### WinGet

| Install:            | Upgrade:            |
| ------------------- | --------------------|
| `winget install gh` | `winget install gh` |

<i>WinGet does not have a specialized `upgrade` command yet, but the `install` command should work for upgrading to a newer version of GitHub CLI.</i>

#### scoop

Install:

```powershell
scoop bucket add github-gh https://github.com/cli/scoop-gh.git
scoop install gh
```

Upgrade:

```powershell
scoop update gh
```

#### Chocolatey

| Install:           | Upgrade:           |
| ------------------ | ------------------ |
| `choco install gh` | `choco upgrade gh` |

#### Signed MSI

MSI installers are available for download on the [releases page][].

### Other platforms

Download packaged binaries from the [releases page][].

### Build from source

See here on how to [build GitHub CLI from source][build from source].

## Comparison with hub

For many years, [hub][] was the unofficial GitHub CLI tool. `gh` is a new project that helps us explore
what an official GitHub CLI tool can look like with a fundamentally different design. While both
tools bring GitHub to the terminal, `hub` behaves as a proxy to `git`, and `gh` is a standalone
tool. Check out our [more detailed explanation][gh-vs-hub] to learn more.


[manual]: https://cli.github.com/manual/
[Homebrew]: https://brew.sh
[MacPorts]: https://www.macports.org
[winget]: https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli
[scoop]: https://scoop.sh
[Chocolatey]: https://chocolatey.org
[releases page]: https://github.com/cli/cli/releases/latest
[hub]: https://github.com/github/hub
[contributing]: ./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[gh-vs-hub]: ./docs/gh-vs-hub.md
[build from source]: ./docs/source.md
