docs/install_linux.md, before:

# Installing gh on Linux

The core, paid developers of `gh` officially support a `.deb` repository and a `.rpm` repository. We
primarily test against Ubuntu and Fedora but do our best to support other distros that can work with
our repositories. We focus on support for `amd64` and `i386` architectures.

All other combinations of distro, packaging, or architecture should be considered community
supported.

## Official methods

### Debian/Ubuntu Linux (apt)

Install:

```bash
sudo apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-key C99B11DEB97541F0
sudo apt-add-repository -u https://cli.github.com/packages
sudo apt install gh
```

Upgrade:

```
sudo apt update
sudo apt install gh
```

### Fedora, Centos, Red Hat Linux (dnf)

Install:

```bash
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://cli.github.com/packages/rpm/gh-cli.repo
sudo dnf install gh
```

Upgrade:

```bash
sudo dnf install gh
```

## Community supported methods

### openSUSE/SUSE Linux

It's possible that https://cli.github.com/packages/rpm/gh-cli.repo will work with zypper but it
hasn't been tested. Otherwise, to install from package:
 
Install and upgrade:

1. Download the `.rpm` file from the [releases page][];
2. Install the downloaded file: `sudo zypper in gh_*_linux_amd64.rpm`

### Arch Linux

Arch Linux users can install from the [community repo][arch linux repo]:

```bash
pacman -S github-cli
```

### Android

Android users can install via Termux:

```bash
pkg install gh
```

[arch linux repo]: https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/github-cli

Commit message:

Consolidate Linux installation docs
- Move all Linux installation docs to the separate page to eliminate repetition
- Indicate that only Ubuntu 20.04 is supported for apt-add-repository method
- Pull openSUSE/SUSE out of the "unofficial" section since it refers to
  downloading our official packages
- Point out manual installation methods as well

docs/install_linux.md, after:

# Installing gh on Linux

Packages downloaded from https://cli.github.com or from https://github.com/cli/cli/releases
are considered official binaries. We focus on a couple of popular Linux distros and
the following CPU architectures: `386`, `amd64`, `arm64`.

Other sources for installation are community-maintained and thus might lag behind
our release schedule.

## Official sources

### Debian, Ubuntu 20.04 Linux (apt)

Install:

```bash
sudo apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-key C99B11DEB97541F0
sudo apt-add-repository -u https://cli.github.com/packages
sudo apt install gh
```

Upgrade:

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install gh
```

### Fedora, Centos, Red Hat Linux (dnf)

Install:

```bash
sudo dnf config-manager --add-repo https://cli.github.com/packages/rpm/gh-cli.repo
sudo dnf install gh
```

Upgrade:

```bash
sudo dnf install gh
```

### openSUSE/SUSE Linux (zypper)

It's possible that https://cli.github.com/packages/rpm/gh-cli.repo will work with zypper, but
this hasn't been tested.

## Manual installation

* [Download release binaries][releases page] that match your platform; or
* [Build from source](./source.md).

### openSUSE/SUSE Linux (zypper)
 
Install and upgrade:

1. Download the `.rpm` file from the [releases page][];
2. Install the downloaded file: `sudo zypper in gh_*_linux_amd64.rpm`

## Community-supported methods

Our team does do not directly maintain the following packages or repositories.

### Arch Linux

Arch Linux users can install from the [community repo][arch linux repo]:

```bash
pacman -S github-cli
```

### Android

Android users can install via Termux:

```bash
pkg install gh
```


[releases page]: https://github.com/cli/cli/releases/latest
[arch linux repo]: https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/github-cli
